[Music]
an Amur leopard the rarest cat on earth
winter is a difficult time for this
hunter there are no leaves to cover and
no young prey animals this female has
the added pressure of having to provide
for her one-year-old cub it will be
another 12 months before he'll be able
to fend for himself
[Music]
bickering vultures have abandoned the
carcass it's a valuable discovery for
the leopards but the cub doesn't share
its mothers sense of urgency
[Music]
the vultures have left behind plenty of
good meat but it's stiff with frost the
mother works to open the hide and make
feeding a little easier so our account
[Music]
there are only 40 Amur leopards left in
the wild and that number is still
falling the harshness of the winter here
hinders their increase in numbers it
takes one of these females longer to
raise her young to independence than it
does a leopard in Africa
[Music]
if the mother can sustain her cub for a
few more weeks spring will bring an
increase in prey and her task will like
[Music]